Certificates Screenshots update (#2046)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALEUIReference/Credentials/Certificates/CertificatesScreensSCALE.md

| **Key Usage Config** | Displays after selecting **Extended Key Usage** or **Key Usage**. Select the option that specifies valid key usages for this certificate. Options are **Digital Signature**, **Content Commitment**, **Key Encipherment**, **Data Encipherment**, **Key Agreement**, **Key Cert Sign**, **CRL Sign**, **Encipher Only**, **Decipher Only** or **Critical Extension**. Web certificates typically need at least **Digital Signature** and possibly **Key Encipherment** or **Key Agreement**, while other applications might need other usages.  |
{{< /truetable >}}
{{< /expand >}}

#### Import Certificate Options
When **Type** on **Identifier and Type** is set to **Import Certificate** the **Import Certificate** options screen displays.
{{< expand "Click Here for More Information" "v" >}}

![AddCertificateImportOptions](/images/SCALE/23.10/AddCertificateImport.png "Add Certificate Import Certificate Options")

{{< truetable >}}
| Setting | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| **Certificate** | Required. Paste the certificate for the CA into this field. |

> | **CSR exists on this system** | Check this box if importing a certificate for which a CSR exists on this system. Displays the **Certificate Signing Request** dropdown. |

Reviewer: When talking about a checkbox, just use "select" and no need to mention the checkbox.
```suggestion
| **CSR exists on this system** | Select if importing a certificate for which a CSR exists on this system. Displays the **Certificate Signing Request** dropdown. |
```
